---
layout: archive
title: "Curriculum Vitae"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

Education
======
* Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering, California Institute of Technology, 2024 (expected)
* B.S. in Aerospace Engineering, University of California Los Angeles, 2019
* B.S. in Applied Mathematics, University of California Los Angeles, 2019

Awards and Honors
======
* Keynote Speaker of the 3rd Colloquium on Vortex Dominated Flows – DisCoVor 2024, Delft, Netherlands
* Outstanding Bachelor of Science, Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, UCLA. (Awarded to the top 1 student in the major in the graduating class)
* The Allan Acosta Endowed Graduate Fellowship, California Institute of Technology.
* Guggenheim Fellowship, California Institute of Technology.

Publications
======
* Hou, W., & Colonius, T. (2024). Fast and robust method for screened Poisson lattice Green's function using asymptotic expansion and Fast Fourier Transform. arXiv preprint arXiv:2403.03076.
* Hou, W., & Colonius, T. (2024). An adaptive lattice Green's function method for external flows with two unbounded and one homogeneous directions. accepted by the Journal of Computational Physics.
* Sader, J., Hou, W., Hinton, E., Pullin, D., & Colonius, T.  (2023). ``The starting vortices generated by a translating and rotating flat plate in a viscous fluid" accepted by the Journal of Fluid Mechanics
* Hou, W., & Colonius, T. (2023). Three-dimensional Stability and Resolvent Analysis of External Flows Over Spanwise-homogeneous Immersed Bodies. In AIAA AVIATION 2023 Forum (p. 3414).
* Le Provost, M., Hou, W., & Eldredge, J. (2020). Deep learning and data assimilation approaches to sensor reduction in estimation of disturbed separated flows. In AIAA Scitech 2020 Forum (p. 0799).
* Hou, W., Darakananda, D., & Eldredge, J. D. (2019). Machine-learning-based detection of aerodynamic disturbances using surface pressure measurements. AIAA Journal, 57(12), 5079-5093.
